for those last night on attachments and as reported by pedro rosa give them a guard
of security that was the first to realize he claimed that he claims are two
UFOs
he only gentle municipality the board has been established during
the past months
people have been seeing lights in the sky
Lights that claim are unidentified flying objects
these scenes were filmed by fernando ríos last Tuesday at that
Two o'clock in the morning
in the vicinity of the green valley causil project where he works as a guard
I'm not going to rain or
what candle
on the mountain in doubt why he pointed the mountain of this see that consuming
an avalanche
in the form of lit torches
central will be the judge who was surprised to see that and it was quite the mount
quite clear
while hundreds of foreigners
are devalued will have to go find someone who sees pac n received ticket and
they will only believe me first unknown soldier rivers decided to call the
police to be released from eta as the agreement also with me of
Serenity and rigor and seriousness
an amount less than 4 5 and they saw that they saw everything on the easel surprised
also with the plateau cahill decides to go and look for his every year zero was my house
to look for the
my camera by then they arrived
what I was seeing said the security guard who claims not to have
started the pipes of being of their mental faculties
he has not been the only eyewitness to the apparent or filis
this policeman says to have seen in many occasions strange lights in the sky of
you attach a site known as the gonzález bastion
the exercise is in the direction of blowing up a mine
for 2009
the act of two the ball
Maria Lucero
this building is an airplane
the helicopter a helicopter 17
this drawing collects the description of one of the young people that the police
Lopez says he has also seen what the guard of
security
although inverted it is said that the last three months have seen the
alleged UFOs more frequently and already organized groups that are dedicated to
observe the heavens during the nights as on previous occasions the
alleged sightings have aroused the curiosity of the people
there are many who claim to have seen strange lights in the sky
the most unbelieving and they will say that this exists
however there are many people who claim to have seen something weird
pedro rosa nales noticentro 4 from points